feat(forge): Component-specific configuration (#7170)
Significant-Gravitas/AutoGPT: docs/content/forge/components/introduction.md

# Component Agents

> !!! note
>     Plugins no longer work with AutoGPT. They have been replaced by components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! important
    (Legacy) plugins no longer work with AutoGPT. They have been replaced by components,
    although we're still working on a new system to load plug-in components.
```
